Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: No, the three model architectures didn't classify the breed of Dog_o1.jpg to the same breed. They can't classity the real breed of dog, which is a kind of american eskimo dog. 


2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes, the three model architectures can't classify a real dogname for both dog images.
For both question 1 and 2, I re-read the dognames.txt and re-check the pet-images. After that, I think if we provide the model a load of images (including horizontally flip images) for various dogs, the model might perform better than now and it can perfectly classify my dog uploaded image.


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: Yes, all three models can classify my Cat_01.jpg as a cat and classifier can show real type of cat. 
For Chair_01.jpg, both vgg and resnet models can't match the real type(chair) of the object in the image.
Alexnet knows the object in the image is a chair but classifer shows that is a folding chair. Actually, it's not a folding chair.


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: I noticed that when I run my model for pet images, VGG architecture model is the best because it can classity dogs and notdogs with 100 %, and correct_breed with 93.33 % accuracy. 
However, when I run my model for uploaded images, both vgg and resnet show:
 "# Total Images 4 # Matches: 1 # NOT Matches: 3." -> it can only match the cat photo.
 In the meantime, alexnet architecture shows:
  "# Total Images 4 # Matches: 2 # NOT Matches: 2" -> it can correctly match Chair and Cat. (but shows the wrong chair type)

Based on those results, I am a little confused in choosing the best model architecture for uploaded images.

